this video shows how to remove the palm
rest touchpad on Spearin 3520 check the
links in the description below to find
parts for this laptop parts people.com
offers five percent off to
do-it-yourselfers with this coupon code
unlock the battery slide the latch to
the left and the battery out
remove the screws on the bottom of the
laptop open the laptop using a flathead
screwdriver press in the keyboard
latches the latches are above the Escape
key the f5 and f6 key the f11 key and
the Delete key lift the keyboard and
turn it over
unplug the keyboard cable remove the
keyboard
loosen the top Palmer screws unplug the
pomerance cables carefully slide the
cable connector up to remove the cable
carefully lift the pomace from the
laptop if you need to find the part
check out the link in the video
description and let's get started with
the installation place the palm rest
onto the laptop tighten the top Palmer
screws plug in the palm rest cables
replace the keyboard plug in the
keyboard cable place the keyboard into
the laptop press the keyboard down until
it clips into place replace the bottom
screws slide the battery into the laptop
until it clips in the place lock the
battery if you enjoyed this tutorial
go ahead and like the video and
subscribe to our youtube channel check
out parts people comm where we have
hundreds of tutorials and hundreds of
thousands of parts thank you for using
parts people for your video tutorials